
gary 0:00:00
I think if you're a leader and you don't understand the terms that you're using, that's probably the first start. It's really important that as a leader in the organization you understand what digitization means, you take the time to read widely in the sector. There are a lot of really good books. Kevin Kelly, who started Wired magazine, has written a great book on various technologies. I think understanding the technologies, understanding what's out there so that you can separate the hype from the hope is really an important first step. Then making sure you understand the relevance of that for your function and 
ben 0:00:38
how that fits into your business is the second step. I think two simple suggestions. One is, I love the phrase, brilliant at the basics. How can you become brilliant at the basics? But beyond that, the fundamental thing I've seen which hasn't changed is so few organizations as a first step have truly taken control of their spend data. As a key first step on a digital transformation, taking ownership of data. That's not a decision to use one vendor over someone else. That says we are going to be completely data-driven. We're going to try and be as real-time as possible and we're going to be able to explain that data to anyone the way 
henry 0:01:20
they want to see it. Understand why you're doing it. The second thing is reach out to suppliers in the market. Talk to them. Collaborate with them. You'll get a much better outcome. Think about what outcome you want at the end instead of thinking about the different processes and their software names. So, e-sourcing being one of 20. Think big and be brave, I think. And talk to technology vendors because rather than just sending them forms, we won't bite you. 
mary 0:01:58
I think we should fundamentally, all of us, rethink how procurement should be done and then start to define the functionality that we need and how we can make this work. What we're doing today is absolutely wrong. We don't like it. Procurement people don't like it. Our colleagues don't like it. Nobody wants it. And we're spending a huge amount of money for no reason. 