
SPEAKER_00 0:00:05
I think if you're a leader and you don't understand the terms that you're using, that's probably the first start. t's really important that as a leader in the organization, you understand what digitization means. ou take the time to read widely in the sector. here are a lot of really good books. evin Kelly who started Wired Magazine has written a great book on various technologies.  think understanding the technologies, understanding what's out there so that you can separate the hype from the hope is really an important first step. and then making sure you understand the relevance of that for your function and how that fits into your business is the second step. 
SPEAKER_01 0:00:41
 think two simple suggestions. ne is I love the phrase brilliant at the basics, right? o how can you become brilliant at the basics? ut beyond that, the fundamental thing I've seen which hasn't changed is so few organizations as a first step have truly taken control of their spend data. You know, as a key first step on a digital transformation, taking ownership of data. nd that's not a decision to use one vendor over someone else. hat says, we are going to be completely data driven. e're going to try and be as real time as possible. nd we're going to be able to explain that data to anyone the way they want to see it. 
SPEAKER_03 0:01:21
nderstand why you're doing it. nd then the second thing is, reach out to suppliers in the market, talk to them, collaborate with them, you'll get a much better outcome. hink about what outcome you want at the end, instead of thinking about the different processes and their software names, so e-sourcing being one of 20. hink beer can be brave, I think, and talk to technology vendors, because rather than just sending them forms, we won't bite you. 
SPEAKER_02 0:01:59
I think we should fundamentally, all of us, rethink how procurement should be done and then start to define the functionality that we need and how we can make this work. hat we're doing today is absolutely wrong. e don't like it, procurement people don't like it, our colleagues don't like it, nobody wants it and we're spending a huge amount of money for no reason. 