
Meeting Transcript

Date: 2023-10-13

Time: 11:27 PST

Attendees:

John Doe, Design Lead
Jane Smith, Designer
Mary Green, Designer
John Doe: Alright, everyone, let's get started. Today, we're going to be discussing the green building design concept that Jane has developed.

Jane Smith: Thank you, John. Here's a summary of my concept:

The building will be designed to maximize natural light and ventilation.
We will use renewable energy sources, such as solar panels and wind turbines.
We will use sustainable materials, such as recycled wood and bamboo.
We will incorporate water conservation features, such as rainwater harvesting and low-flow toilets.
John Doe: That sounds great, Jane. I'm really impressed with the concept.

Mary Green: Me too. I think it's a very innovative and sustainable design.

John Doe: However, I have one concern: cost. I'm worried that the cost of implementing all of these green features will be too high.

Jane Smith: I understand your concern. However, I believe that the long-term savings from these green features will outweigh the upfront cost. For example, the solar panels will generate electricity, which will reduce our reliance on the grid. The water conservation features will reduce our water bill. And the sustainable materials will last longer than traditional materials, which will reduce our maintenance costs.

John Doe: That's a good point. I think we need to do some more research to get a better idea of the cost of implementing all of these green features.

Jane Smith: I agree.

John Doe: Okay, then. Here's what I propose:

Jane and Mary, you will be responsible for researching the cost of implementing the green features that you have proposed.
I will be responsible for researching vendors who can provide these green features.
Jane Smith: Sounds good.

Mary Green: Me too.

John Doe: Great. Let's give ourselves two weeks to complete this research. Then, we can meet again to discuss our findings and make a decision about which green features we want to implement.

Jane Smith: Perfect.

Mary Green: Sounds good.

John Doe: Okay, then. Let's get started.

End Time: 14:27 PST